something  about the format
of
your  imaginary audience
trying  to give advice
equally  valid for every one in your audience
seems  to lead people down this path
of  preaching
that  you should chase your dream
why  do so many people fall into the trap of preaching
that  you ought to cease your dream
you  are to
he  is something you say relatively rare in real life where something to say
with  great trepidation and reeled
i  do not think he would casually tell somebody you know face the
you  re you re not very deeply oh you want to be an actor and actress she your dream
i  had a guy writing to me lately and he was talking to he was asking for advice though the acts replications
given  the fact that he's confined to a wheelchair he can't walk and he can't drive a normal car must
the  cars consecration the advice i give him is even
just  that little bit of information you know what do you think you think i'm stupid enough to
come  on you make a videoconference
what  if the dream is to be an actor well yever small number of jobs for someone
is  confined to willstead if some one is confined to a wheelchair in the want of political activists and
began  i was trying to give him meaning for advice where i talked about okay there are some forms
of  activists and you can do and there's some forecasting about the format
of
speaking  she were imaginary audience and trying to give advice
equally  valid everyone in your audience that seems to lead people down this
path  of preaching that you should chase your dreams and it's very
rare  to hear someone questioning that territories to kincardine a
lord  jarrow's a former wrapper for hypothese days mostly
comments  on hyperculture repaire member lord mar questioning
it  in a totally different political context but he said what if my dream was to be a revolutionary
it's  such a different thing
to  look into some one's face even if it's the first time you've met them even if you own nothing
about  them and say this your dream when your dream may be self destructive
it  may be destructive toward others
aimee  an attainable
he  may be all to attainable
it  may be that it's not ambitious in
i  mean how many people you know where they're dream is to basically waste time
play  video
how  many people know
mentally  lack ambition
even  though advice chase your dream
sometimes  there's not a lot of cheating and there's just a whole lot of dreaming going on and i had to at